# RemoteWordle-Competitive

This is a university project that implements a competitive Wordle game. The game allows multiple players to connect to a server and compete to guess a secret word.

## Project Structure
```bash
RemoteWordle-Competitive/
├── .classpath
├── .project
├── .settings/
│   ├── org.eclipse.core.resources.prefs
│   └── org.eclipse.jdt.core.prefs
├── bin/
│   ├── client/
│   │   └── Wordle.class
│   ├── common/
│   │   ├── AliasInvalid.class
│   │   ├── ANP_Exception.class
│   │   ├── DictionaryError.class
│   │   ├── FormatError.class
│   │   ├── IWordle.class
│   │   ├── GameStarted.class
│   │   ├── LengthError.class
│   └── server/
│       └── ...
├── Client_1.log
├── Client_2.log
├── Client_3.log
├── Client_4.log
├── Client_5.log
├── Client_6.log
├── Client_7.log
├── Client_8.log
├── Client_9.log
├── library_poe-1.0.jar
├── Service_15000.log
├── src/
│   ├── main/
│   │   ├── java/
│   │   │   ├── client/
│   │   │   │   └── Wordle.java
│   │   │   ├── common/
│   │   │   │   └── IWordle.java
│   │   │   ├── server/
│   │   │   │   ├── SrvWordle.java
│   │   │   │   └── WordleOOS.java
│   │   └── resources/
│   │       └── words_spanish.txt
├── Service_15000.log
```

## File Descriptions

- `src/main/java/client/Wordle.java`: Client implementation of the game.
- `src/main/java/common/IWordle.java`: Interface defining the service operations.
- `src/main/java/server/SrvWordle.java`: Server implementation of the game.
- `src/main/java/server/WordleOOS.java`: Implementation of the service operations.
- `src/main/resources/words_spanish.txt`: Dictionary of Spanish words.

## Features

### Client

- Connect to the server with a unique alias.
- Guess the secret word generated by the server.
- Receive feedback on the differences between the entered word and the secret word.
- Restart the game for a new round.

### Server

- Manage connections from multiple clients.
- Generate a secret word to be guessed.
- Synchronize the game state among all clients.
- Determine the winner of the game.

## Running the Project

### Requirements

- Java Development Kit (JDK) 8 or higher.
- Eclipse IDE (optional, but recommended).

### Compilation and Execution

1. Clone the repository or download the source code.
2. Open the project in your preferred IDE (e.g., Eclipse).
3. Compile the project.
4. First, run the server:
   - Execute the `server.SrvWordle` class.
5. Then, run one or more clients:
   - Execute the `client.Wordle` class.

## Contributions

This is an academic project made for me

## License

This project is under MIT LICENSE
